Add profile id migration (#781)
netbirdio/docs: src/pages/client/profiles.mdx

Profile names do not have to be unique. If another profile already uses the same name, the
new profile is still created (with its own ID) and a warning is printed:

```text
Warning: 1 other profile(s) already use the name "work".
Use `netbird profile list --show-id` to disambiguate later.
Profile added: e5f6a7b8  work
```

### Rename a Profile

You can change a profile's display name at any time without affecting its ID, config, or login
state. The profile's `<id>.json` file stays the same, only the name stored inside it changes.

```bash
netbird profile rename <HANDLE> <NEW_PROFILE_NAME>
```

The handle can be the profile's current name, its full ID, or a unique ID prefix. For example,
to rename the `work` profile to `office`:

```bash
netbird profile rename work office
```

On success:

```text
Profile renamed from work to office
```

A few things to note:

* The new name is free-form and **does not have to be unique**. If another profile already uses
  it, the rename still succeeds and a warning is printed (same as `add`).
* The **default profile can be renamed**. Its label changes everywhere it's shown, but it keeps
  its reserved `default` ID and still cannot be removed.

> * If the handle is ambiguous or matches no profile, you'll get the same errors as `select` and

Reviewer: maybe describe what is "handle"

Author: The handle is explained earlier in the the sub-section, so I think it would be too verbose to explain the handle every time it's used.

This is useful when several profiles share the same name. The ID column lets you tell them
apart and select or remove the right one by its ID prefix.

### Select (Switch) a Profile

To switch to a specific profile, use:

```bash
netbird profile select <handle>
```

The handle can be the full ID, profile's name, or a unique ID prefix:

```bash
netbird profile select home       # by name
netbird profile select e5f6a7b8   # by ID prefix
```

The successful command will output the short ID of the now-active profile:

```text
Profile switched to: e5f6a7b8
```

If the profile hasn't been used before, you will need to run `netbird up` or `netbird login` to authenticate.
If the handle matches no profile, you'll see:

```text
Error: profile "home" not found
```

If the handle is ambiguous (for example, a name shared by multiple profiles), the command lists the candidates and tells you how to disambiguate:

```text
Error: name "work" is ambiguous (2 profiles share this name)
Run `netbird profile list --show-id` to see IDs, then select by ID prefix:
  netbird profile select|remove <id-prefix>
```

### Remove a Profile

To remove a profile, use:

```bash
netbird profile remove <handle>
```

> Like `select`, the handle can be a name, a full ID, or a unique ID prefix:

Reviewer 2: Listed name-first, but the resolver tries exact ID first — `ResolveProfile`: *"Resolution precedence is: exact ID match, then unique exact name, then unique ID prefix."*

```suggestion
Like `select`, the handle can be an exact ID, a unique name, or a unique ID prefix:
```

netbird login --profile home
```

> The value is resolved as a handle (name, full ID, or unique ID prefix), the same way as

Reviewer 2: Same ordering issue — resolution is exact ID → unique name → unique ID prefix.

```suggestion
The value is resolved as a handle (an exact ID, a unique name, or a unique ID prefix), the same way as
```
